			Last revised 15-Jan-20

			  Questionnaire for

		 Harvard Extension School CSCI E-93:
			Computer Architecture

			     Fall 2021


Name:				Home/Cellular phone number:


E-mail:				Work phone number:


Where are you located?  What is your time zone?


So that we can meet on-line, if necessary, what is your Skype name
and/or your Google Hangouts name?  And, which do you prefer to use?


Occupation (If an undergraduate student, please specify your major and
year and at which school; If a graduate student, please specify your
department, field, and year and at which school).


Have you taken:
  CSCI E-10a (Formerly CSCI E-50a) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java I),
  CSCI E-10b (Formerly CSCI E-50b) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java II),
  CSCI E-28 (Formerly CSCI E-215) (Unix/Linux Systems Programming),
  CSCI E-50 (Formerly CSCI E-52) (Intensive Introduction to Computer
      Science),
  ENSC E-123 or CSCI E-123 (Laboratory Electronics: Digital Circuit
      Design),
  PHYS E-123a (Laboratory Electronics: Analog Circuit Design),
  CSCI E-124 (Data Structures and Algorithms),
  or equivalents
(specify which)?


Have you taken CSCI E-22 (Formerly CSCI E-119) (Data Structures)?

	If not, how do you meet the prerequisite?


Are you currently working toward a degree in a degree program?  If so,
which program and what degree?


Are you taking any other classes concurrently with this one?


Do you have experience implementing many different data structures
from scratch?  If yes, please describe.  If not, how do you meet the
prerequisite?


Do you have experience using Unix?  Do you have experience programming
using Unix system calls?  If yes, please describe.


Do you have experience using Windows?  If so, as a user or as a
programmer?


Do you have experience designing digital logic circuits?  If yes,
please describe.


Do you have experience programming in VHDL or Verilog?  If yes, please
describe.


Are you already registered for this class?  -- If not, do you intend
to register?  Also, are you registered as a distance student?  Do you
intend to attend classes in person?


This class has a proctored midterm exam.  Distance students are
required to make arrangements for a proctor.  See
https://www.extension.harvard.edu/resources-policies/exams-grades-transcripts/exams-online-courses
for information about proctors.  If you live within the six-state New
England area (Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode
Island, and Vermont) you must come to campus to take your exam.  Are
you taking the midterm exam on campus?  If not, have you already made
arrangements for a proctor?


Do you plan to purchase your own Altera/Terasic DE2-115 Development
Board?


If you are planning to purchase your own Altera/Terasic DE2-115
Development Board, have you already ordered and/or received it?  If
you are a distance student (i.e., if you are unable to borrow the
hardware and return the hardware in person), you must purchase your
own hardware.


Are you taking the course for undergraduate credit, graduate credit,
or noncredit?


What additional appropriate course or work experience do you have?


What is your math background?


What computer languages do you know (please include assembler and
high-level languages)?  Have you programmed in the C Programming
Language, C++, or Java?


What operating systems have you used (e.g. Windows, Mac OS, Linux,
iOS, Android, etc.)?


What computers have you used (i.e., which machine language instruction
sets)?


What is your motivation for taking this course?


If the class needs to be rescheduled, is Thursday evening acceptable?


Other comments:
